-- ALMS Monthly Batch close process instructions
-- This Process is different than the ALMS Quarterly Closings...

	1) Save File From Monthly Output - I like to name them with a standard format highlighting the date, so they are easier to order and find history.

	2) Sort the Page by DFNS_ID Ascending or Descending, This will help to eliminate the duplicates in the next step

	3) Highlight the entire Column A, and go to Conditional Formatting -> Highlight Cell Rules -> Duplicates -> Red with Red Text

	4) Now Filter Column A by Color, and select that Red color you just made the duplicates. All duplicates should be present with red text, Exclusively 

	5) Delete ALL Duplicates 
		TIP- Go to 'Find and Select' on the Home Ribbon of Excel (Top Right)
			Click 'Go To Special'
				Click 'Visible Cells Only'
					Right Click on any cell, then select delete rows
		

	6) Now Sort the last column, Column N (Provider Type) by Field Legal 

	7) Remove (and Save) all Field Legal Rows from the Sheet in a new tab. 
	TIP- Go to 'Find and Select' on the Home Ribbon of Excel (Top Right)
		Click 'Go To Special'
			Click 'Visible Cells Only'
				Right Click on any cell, Cut the Field Legal Cells and Put them on a different tab, they will be needed for a quarterly summary sent to Bill Kimball of Field Legal. 
				
	8) Filter Row F, Disposition Code, to show all blank values. Insert '51' for all rows with blanks in column F. 
		The default Disposition Code is 17 (51?) for 'unknown' for PAL & ENV records
	9) Filter Row G, Closed in Phase, to display the Blanks. Insert  '7' (275?) for all blanks in Column G.
		Since these are all PAL Records, we will insert '7' for their default values
	10) Filter Row H, Trial IND, to display all blanks. Insert Zeros for all of the blanks of Column H. 
	11) Filter Column I, Trial Date, to display all blanks. Since no blank values are allowed, put it todays date for the field
		=Today()
	12) Filter Column J, LST_OFFR, to display all blank values. Insert Zeros in for all blank records.
	13) Filter Column K, LST_DEMD, to display all blank values. Insert Zeros in for all blank records
	14) Filter Column L, PYMT_RCVD_3P, to display all blank values. Insert Zeros in for all blank records
	15) Filter Column M, SRCE_LOSS_PYMT, to display all blank values. Insert Zeros in for all blank records
	16) Remove all Filters on the data. Ensure Column N, Provider Type, has only Outside Counsel Values. If true, delete Column N.
		 The output template for ALMS is very specific on Column Width, and the additional Provider Type column is not included in that template, it is only used for filtering purposes.
	17) Change the format off all columns except the date columns to NUMBER. Eliminate the trailing 2 decimal places. Leave the Date Fields as Dates and/or change them back. 
	18) Delete the Header Row once your formatting is done, ALMS will not accept the file if it is a non numeric format. 
	19) Save your work as an excel workbook, then save as a CSV
	20) DO NOT SAVE AS CSV UNTIL YOU HAVE MADE ALL THE CHANGES- CSV files wont contain the saves if you edit them. You need to edit the original again, and then save it as a CSV (not CSV-8!)
		Save 2 because one will be a CSV just for ALMS Submission, and the second will be a 2 tabbed reference of OC / FL with headers for readability. 
		
	21) Record Documents in Teams Folder 
Email Group 